[default]
save_search_field= gs
tab_new= ga
allow_session_cookie_tmp= CT
allow_cookie= CC
allow_session_cookie= CS
bookmark= M
buffers= gt
cancel_download= ad
sanitize= 
clear_tab= gc
only= Co
close_tab= d
entry_escape=Control c
entry_confirm=Control g
entry_history_back=Control s
entry_history_forward=Control t
entry_delete_letter=Control h
entry_delete_active=Control d
entry_delete_line=Control u
entry_delete_line_end=Control e
entry_delete_word=Control w
entry_delete_word_forward=Control e
entry_word_back=Control b
entry_word_forward=Control f
complete_bookmarks=Control B
complete_history=Control H
complete_path=Control p
complete_searchengines=Control S
complete_userscript=Control U
download= gd
download_set_execute=Control x
command_mode= :
tabdo= 
execute_javascript= 
eval= 
execute_userscript= Eu
find_backward_ic= C?
find_backward= ?
find_forward_ic= C/
find_forward= /
find_next= n
find_previous= N
tabgrep= 
focus_input= gi
focus_next= T
focus_tab= 
focus_prev= S
win_hist_back= wc
tab_hist_back= Tc
history_back= H
win_hist_forward= wr
tab_hist_forward= Tr
history_forward= Ã©
insert_mode= i
jump= '
show_keys= Sk
load_html= 
load_html_tab= 
lock_domain= xd
lock_uri= xu
mark= `
tab_move_left= gl
tab_move_right= gr
tab_move= gm
normal_mode=Control n
open_editor=Control e
quickmark= b
tab_quickmark= B
win_quickmark= wb
start_page=Control h
web_inspector= wi
paste= pp
tab_paste= Pp
win_paste= wp
paste_primary= pP
win_paste_primary= wP
tab_paste_primary= PP
print=Control Mod1 p
protect=Control P
quit=Control q
adblock_reload_rules= 
reload_bookmarks= 
reload= e
reload_bypass_cache= R
reload_quickmarks= 
reload_userscripts= 
repeat= .
save= Sf
save_session= ZZ
save_named_session= gZZ
save_quickmark= m
scroll_down= t
scroll_right= r
scroll_left= c
scroll_page_down=Control f
scroll_page_up=Control b
scroll_halfpage_down=Control d
scroll_halfpage_up=Control u
scroll_bottom= G
scroll_top= gg
scroll_up= s
local_set= 
set= 
set_key= Sk
set_local_setting= Sl
set_setting= SS
show_settings= Ss
print_preview= 
show_bookmarks= Sb
show_downloads= Sd
show_history= Sh
show_quickmarks= Sq
stop_loading= St
toggle_local_setting= 
toggle_setting= 
toggle_tab=Control @Tab@
toggle_plugins_host_tmp= pth
toggle_scripts_host= Tsh
toggle_scripts_host_tmp= Tth
toggle_scripts_uri= Tsu
toggle_plugins_uri_tmp= ptu
toggle_scripts_uri_tmp= Ttu
fullscreen= @F11@
toggle_hidden_files= g.
toggle_plugins_host= ph
toggle_plugins_uri= pu
presentation_mode= @F12@
proxy=Control p
visible= xv
toggle_bars= xx
toggle_statusbar= xb
toggle_tabbar= xt
undo= u
view_source= gf
visual_mode= v
dump= 
yank_title= yt
yank_title_primary= yT
yank= yy
yank_primary= yY
zoom= =
zoom_in= +
zoom_out= -
hints_background= ;b
hints_images_background= ;Ib
hints_url_background= ;Ob
backopen_url= xO
backopen= xo
bookmarks= gb
hints_selector= 
hints= f
hints_clipboard= ;y
hints_download= ;d
hints_editable= ;e
hints_images= ;i
hints_links= ;;
hints_primary= ;Y
hints_rapid= ;r
hints_url= ;o
new_tab=Control T
new_win= W
open_url= go
open= o
hints_tab= F
hints_images_tab= ;It
hints_url_tab= ;Ot
tab_bookmarks= gB
tabopen_url= gO
tabopen= O
hints_win= wf
hints_rapid_win= ;R
win_bookmarks= wB
winopen_url= wO
winopen= wo
